## 目标段落

537 million adults (20-79 years old) worldwide suffer from diabetes, accounting for 10.5%. It is estimated that by 2030 and 2045, the total number of diabetes patients worldwide will increase to 643 million (11.3%) and 783 million (12.2%). [6] Diabetes is complicated by retinal diseases of different levels, and diabetic retinopathy has become the main cause of blindness.

Diabetic retinopathy has two stages, non-proliferative and proliferative. The detection of early symptoms of non-proliferative disease has great significance for the pathology of diabetic retina. Non-proliferative lesions are often accompanied by symptoms of aneurysm, bleeding, and hard exudation. Proliferative lesions will have symptoms such as angiogenesis and vitreoretinal hemorrhage. [7][[黄龙钊1\]](#_msocom_1) 

------

### 需求

 [[黄龙钊1\]](#_msoanchor_1)第一段（叙述的是当今世界上糖尿病患者的现状）和第二段（糖尿病的状态，但是需要更加具体一些）得调换逻辑上的顺序，最好使用Diabetic retinopathy开头。

所做的工作是:

\1.   拓写第二段

\2.   第一段和第二段调换逻辑上的顺序，Introduction一定需要用Diabetic Retinopathy开头。

### 更改

Diabetic retinopathy is an eye disease that can cause vision loss and blindness in diabetic patients. It affects the blood vessels in the retina (the light-sensitive tissue layer at the back of the eye). And the diabetic retinopathy has two stages, non-proliferative and proliferative. The detection of early symptoms of non-proliferative disease has great significance for the pathology of diabetic retina. Non-proliferative lesions are often accompanied by symptoms of aneurysm, bleeding, and hard exudation. Proliferative lesions will have symptoms such as angiogenesis and vitreoretinal hemorrhage. 

The number of diabetic patients has always been high, and in recent years, the number of diabetic patients has been on the rise. 537 million adults (20-79 years old) worldwide suffer from diabetes, accounting for 10.5%. It is estimated that by 2030 and 2045, the total number of diabetes patients worldwide will increase to 643 million (11.3%) and 783 million (12.2%).Diabetic retinopathy can also induce some complications, such as Diabetic macular edema (DME), Neovascular glaucoma and Retinal detachment. [6] Diabetes is complicated by retinal diseases of different levels, and diabetic retinopathy has become the main cause of blindness.



## 目标段落

Deep learning is in a leading position in computer vision tasks and has reached the best level in various tasks. Convolutional neural networks are also used in the field of diabetic retina classification, and have achieved leading results. 

However, we found that in the diabetic retinal classification, the gap between two adjacent classes is small, and there are still huge challenges in accurately classifying two adjacent classes. Therefore, we hope to apply the method of fine-density classification to the field of diabetic retinopathy classification to solve the challenges caused by the small gap between classes. We applied the design concept of Hirrarchical bilinear Pooling [4] in the field of fine-density classification to EfficientNet [11], and designed the Hbp-EfficientNet model.[[黄龙钊1\]](#_msocom_1) 

------

### 需求

 [[黄龙钊1\]](#_msoanchor_1)这两段得融入Related work中

Paul说这两段的工作，必须融入Related Work中。

### 更改

Deep learning is in a leading position in computer vision tasks and has reached the best level in various tasks. Convolutional neural networks are also used in the field of diabetic retina classification, and have achieved leading results. Some researchers perform classification tasks directly through convolutional neural networks ([8]-[9]), while others try to improve performance by integrating different models[10][12].

However, we found that in the diabetic retinal classification, the gap between two adjacent classes is small, and there are still huge challenges in accurately classifying two adjacent classes. Therefore, we hope to apply the method of fine-density classification to the field of diabetic retinopathy classification to solve the challenges caused by the small gap between classes. We applied the design concept of Hirrarchical bilinear Pooling [4] in the field of fine-density classification to EfficientNet [11], and designed the Hbp-EfficientNet model.[[黄龙钊1\]](#_msocom_1) 

------



 [[黄龙钊1\]](#_msoanchor_1)这两段得融入Related work中

Paul说这两段的工作，必须融入Related Work中。

## 目标段落

Early researchers used machine learning algorithms [13]-[16] to study the detection of diabetic retinopathy. With the rise of deep learning, convolutional neural networks occupy the top spot in various visual tasks. Researchers ([8]- [9]) Attempt to detect diabetic retinopathy by convolutional neural network, and reached the advanced level at that time. Shaohua Wan et al [8] investigated the accuracy of AlexNet[22], VggNet[23], GoogleNet[24], Resnet[25] and other models on the Kaggle data set, and used VggNet-s to achieve 95.68% accuracy. Rate. Kanungo et al [9] used the inceptionv3 [26] model to achieve 88% accuracy and 97% specificity in the Kaggle data set [1].

Researchers also tried to improve the accuracy of diabetic retinopathy detection by integrating the performance of different models. Tymchenko[10] solved the problem of diabetic retinopathy by integrating EfficientNet-B4, EfficientNet-B5, SE- ResNeXt50, and the accuracy rate reached 0.929 on the APTOS[27] data set. Sagar Suresh Karki[12] integrated the EfficientNet b1, b2, b3, and b5 models to achieve an accuracy of 0.924 on the APTOS data set.

The above-mentioned researchers all use simple convolutional neural network models, but due to the small differences between disease types, there are still huge challenges in detecting retinopathy. We transfer the knowledge of the fine-grained classification domain to the detection of retinopathy, so as to solve the problem of diabetic retina detection.

In the field of fine-grained classification, Lin et al first proposed the concept of Bilinear-Pooling in 2015. Its purpose is to solve the problem of fine-grained classification by fusing the features of the two models' output [17]. Gao et al applied Tensor Sketch to Approximate second-order statistics and reduce the feature dimension [18]. Konget et al et al. applied low-rank matrices to further reduce the complexity.[19]

Some recent studies have tried to combine different convolutional output feature layers. This is because for fine-grained classification problems, it is often not enough to input information from a single convolutional layer into the regressor. Sudies[4] combined feature information from the convolutional output of multiple layers by Bilinear-Pooling idea, thus solving the problem of fine-grained classification.[[黄龙钊1\]](#_msocom_1) 

------

### 需求

 [[黄龙钊1\]](#_msoanchor_1)在将introduction融入的过程中，需要将文献内容进行扩写，和检查逻辑上的错误。

### 更改

Early researchers used machine learning algorithms [13]-[16] to study the detection of diabetic retinopathy. With the rise of deep learning, convolutional neural networks occupy the top spot in various visual tasks. Researchers have made a lot of efforts [8]- [9], they attempt to detect diabetic retinopathy by convolutional neural network, and reached the advanced level at that time. Shaohua Wan et al [8] investigated the accuracy of AlexNet[22], VggNet[23], GoogleNet[24], Resnet[25] and other models on the Kaggle data set, and used VggNet-s to achieve 95.68% accuracy. Kanungo et al [9] used the inceptionv3 [26] model to achieve 88% accuracy and 97% specificity in the Kaggle data set [1].

Researchers also tried to improve the accuracy of diabetic retinopathy detection by integrating the performance of different models. Tymchenko[10] solved the problem of diabetic retinopathy by integrating EfficientNet-B4, EfficientNet-B5, SE- ResNeXt50, and the accuracy rate reached 0.929 on the APTOS[27] data set. Sagar Suresh Karki[12] integrated the EfficientNet b1, b2, b3, and b5 models to achieve an accuracy of 0.924 on the APTOS data set.

The above-mentioned researchers all use simple convolutional neural network models, but due to the small differences between disease types, there are still huge challenges in detecting retinopathy. We transfer the knowledge of the fine-grained classification domain to the detection of retinopathy, so as to solve the problem of diabetic retina detection.

In the field of fine-grained classification, Lin et al first proposed the concept of Bilinear-Pooling in 2015. It is mainly used for feature fusion, that is, for different features extracted from the same position of the same sample, two feature fusion vectors are obtained through bilinear pooling operation, and then this vector is used for fine-grained classification problems [17]. Gao et al applied Tensor Sketch to Approximate second-order statistics and reduce the feature dimension, to achieve the higher-dimensional of high-dimensional features, in order to solve the problem of high computational cost of the traditional Bilinear model [18]. Konget et al et al. applied low-rank matrices to further reduce the complexity.[19]

Some recent studies have tried to combine different convolutional output feature layers. This is because for fine-grained classification problems, it is often not enough to input information from a single convolutional layer into the regressor. Sudies[4] combined feature information from the convolutional output of multiple layers by the idea of Bilinear-Pooling, which enhances the feature fusion between convolution layers, and enhances the expressive ability of the model without adding training parameters, thus solving the problem of fine-grained classification.[[黄龙钊1\]](#_msocom_1) 
